Before using your MacBook Air, review the MacBook Air
Essentials guide at support.apple.com/guide/macbook-
air. You can also use Apple Books to download the
guide (where available). Retain documentation for
future reference.
Safety and Handling
See “Safety, handling, and regulatory information” in
the MacBook Air Essentials guide.
Avoid Hearing Damage
To prevent possible hearing damage, do not listen at
high volume levels for long periods. More information
about sound and hearing is available online at
apple.com/sound.
Medical Device Interference
MacBook Air contains magnets that may interfere with
medical devices. See “Important safety information” in
the MacBook Air Essentials guide.
Prolonged Heat Exposure
Your MacBook Air may become very warm during
normal use. It’s important to keep your MacBook Air on
a hard, stable, and well-ventilated work surface when in
use or charging. Use common sense to avoid situations
where your body is in prolonged contact with a device
or its power adapter when it’s operating or plugged
into a power source, as sustained contact with warm
surfaces may cause discomfort or injury. Take special
care if you have a physical condition that affects your
ability to detect heat against the body.
Regulatory Information
Regulatory certification information is available on-
device. Choose Apple menu  > About This Mac,
click Resources, then click Regulatory Certification.
Additional regulatory information is in “Safety, handling,
and regulatory information” in the MacBook Air
Essentials guide.
FCC and ISED Canada Compliance
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules
and ISED Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s).
Operation is subject to the following two conditions:
(1) this device may not cause harmful interference,
and (2) this device must accept any interference
received, including interference that may cause
undesired operation.
EU / UK Compliance
Apple Inc. hereby declares that this wireless device
is in compliance with Directive 2014/53/EU and
Radio Equipment Regulations 2017. A copy of the
Declaration of Conformity is available at apple.com/
euro/compliance. Apple’s EU representative is Apple
Distribution International Ltd., Hollyhill Industrial Estate,
Cork, Ireland. Apple’s UK representative is Apple UK
Ltd., 2 Furzeground Way, Stockley Park, Middlesex,
UB11 1BB.
Use Restriction
This device is restricted to indoor use when operating
in the 5150 to 5350 MHz frequency range. This
restriction applies in: AT, BE, BG, CH, CY, CZ, DE, DK,
EE, EL, ES, FI, FR, HR, HU, IE, IS, IT, LI, LT, LU, LV, MT,
NL, NO, PL, PT, RO, SE, SI, SK, TR, UA, UK(NI).
ENERGY STAR® Compliance
As an ENERGY STAR partner, Apple has determined
that standard configurations of this product meet the
ENERGY STAR guidelines for energy efficiency. The
ENERGY STAR program is a partnership with electronic
equipment manufacturers to promote energy-efficient
products. Reducing energy consumption of products
saves money and helps conserve valuable resources.
This computer is shipped with power management
enabled with the computer set to sleep after 10 minutes
of user inactivity. To wake your computer, click the
trackpad or press any key on the keyboard. For more
information about ENERGY STAR, visit energystar.gov.
Disposal and Recycling Information
The symbol above means that according to local laws
and regulations your product and/or its battery shall
be disposed of separately from household waste.
When this product reaches its end of life, take it to
a collection point designated by local authorities.
The separate collection and recycling of your product
and/or its battery at the time of disposal will help
conserve natural resources and ensure that it is
recycled in a manner that protects human health
and the environment. For information about Apple’s
recycling program, recycling collection points,
restricted substances, and other environmental
initiatives, visit apple.com/environment.

-- 1 of 2 --

Built-in Battery and Charging
Don’t attempt to replace or remove the battery
yourself—you may damage the battery, which could
cause overheating, fire, and injury. The built-in
battery should be replaced by Apple or an authorized
service provider, and must be recycled or disposed
of separately from household waste. Dispose of
batteries according to your local environmental laws
and guidelines. For information about battery recycling
and replacement, go to apple.com/batteries/service-
and-recycling. For information about charging, see
“Important safety information” in the MacBook Air
Essentials guide.
Software License Agreement
Use of MacBook Air constitutes acceptance of the
Apple and third-party software license terms found at
apple.com/legal/sla.
Apple One-Year Limited Warranty Summary
Apple warrants the included hardware product
and accessories against defects in materials and
workmanship for one year from the date of original
retail purchase. Apple does not warrant against normal
wear and tear, nor damage caused by accident or
abuse. To obtain service, call Apple or visit an Apple
Store or an Apple Authorized Service Provider—
available service options are dependent on the country
in which service is requested and may be restricted
to the original country of sale. Call charges and
international shipping charges may apply, depending
on the location. Subject to the full terms and detailed
information on obtaining service available at apple.com/
legal/warranty and support.apple.com, if you submit a
valid claim under this warranty, Apple will either repair,
replace, or refund your computer at its own discretion.
Warranty benefits are in addition to rights provided
under local consumer laws. You may be required to
furnish proof of purchase details when making a claim
under this warranty.
For Australian consumers: Our goods come with
guarantees that cannot be excluded under the
Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a
replacement or refund for a major failure and for
compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable
loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the
goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of
acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to
a major failure. Apple Pty Ltd, PO Box A2629, Sydney
South NSW 1235. Tel: 133-622.
© 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the
Apple logo, Apple Books, and MacBook Air are
trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and
other countries and regions. Apple Store is a service
mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other
countries and regions. ENERGY STAR and the ENERGY
STAR mark are registered trademarks owned by the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Printed in XXXX.
034-05044-A

-- 2 of 2 --

